DCT-333 (#879)
reach-sh/reach-lang: docs/src/trouble/index.md

* Use `reach-cli` to update the other Reach docker images by running `$ ./reach update` in the terminal.

## {#ts-out-of-memory} Out of Memory

If you receive the following error:

![No memory](./terminal-no-memory.png)

> Then that is `docker` requesting for more memory space to function properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then that means `docker` needs more memory to function properly.
```

Please follow the next steps to fix the problem:

> * Open your docker home page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Open your Docker home page
```

![docker home page](./docker-home-page.png)

* Click on the `settings` Icon at the top-right corner.

![docker settings](./docker-settings-icon.png)

* In the side bar, click on `Resources`. This drops down a sub menu.

* In the sub menu, click on `Advanced` if it is not selected already.

<p align="center">
<img src="./docker-side-bar.png" alt="docker sub menu" width="250" height="500" />
</p>

* In the main panel at the middle, adjust the `Memory` to 4GB or more depending on how much RAM you have in your machine.

> * Still in the main panel, adjust the `Disk image size` to 200GB or more depending on how much HDD or SSD you have in your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Still in the main panel, adjust the `Disk image size` to 200GB or more depending on how much HDD or SSD storage you have in your machine.
```

![docker settings main panel](./docker-settings-main-panel.png)

* At the bottom-right, click on `Apply & Restart`.

![docker Apply & Restart button](./docker-apply-restart.png)

This should fix the problem after it is done restarting.

:::note

> Please if this didn't fix the issue, restart your machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this didn't fix the issue, please restart your machine.
```
